Fix gravityview entry revision user input (#363)
gravityflow/gravityflow: change_log.txt

- Updated Inbox count to be disabled by default, can be enabled with the filter 'gravityflow_inbox_count_display'.
- Fixed an issue with the print button on workflow details page.
- Fixed an issue with the print button on front-end pages.
- Fix JS errors with multiple status shortcodes on the same page.

> - Fix an issue with Gravity View Entry Revisions causing Gravity Flow to run steps out of sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where workflow steps are processed for entry revisions created by GravityView Entry Revisions.
```
